Su Shaoyue voted more than half
You are no longer the chairperson of the group.
He Xian
Your future husband and the light are both amazing
Seeing Zhao Yue's expression is really wonderful
Who does he think he is?
Isn't it just having a father?
Otherwise, how did he get to the position of president?
This is what he should be thinking
through
Shareholders ask for a vote
The votes are now more than half
Lu Chaoyue is no longer the president of Blue Cloud Group
Beyond Niece
What do you mean
It seems that you are meaningless.
Hey, so we're transferring the second thing now
I want to cook all night
What? What do you want?
What am I doing here?
I came to visit
What can you do for me then?
Go away if I don't go away
Then Zhiping
It's just a little friend, you have to take care of it by the side
Take care of it. What's the matter?
Let's talk after the advertising conference
Sixth sister, don't worry
I will never let them do you
The position of president is rushed down